README.md, before:

Guilcera otserv for Tibia client version 7.6
============================================
https://github.com/peonso/guilcera

Information
-----------
- 4.02 is the current version
- In-depth credit list [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/AUTHORS.md)
- A guide on how to setup the server [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/SETUP_GUIDE.md)
- Updated changelog [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/CHANGELOG.md)
- Lastest minimap [HERE](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/peonso/guilcera/master/docs/images/guilcera_401.png)

Downloads
---------
- Lastest guilcera map version (4.02) [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/tree/master/guilcera) or [HERE](http://www.4shared.com/rar/AYX0zk9Dba/guilcera_402.html)
- Get Avesta rev94+DLL libraries need to run Guilcera [HERE](http://www.4shared.com/rar/sNwGjg4zce/avesta_rev94_and_libraries.html), or compile it from [HERE](https://code.google.com/p/avesta74/).
- Nicaw AAC for Guilcera, lastest version (AAC 4.02) [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/tree/master/www) or [HERE](http://www.4shared.com/rar/S83s3Kufba/acc_402.html).
- XAMMP can be downloaded [HERE](https://www.apachefriends.org/index.html)
- Uniform Server can be downloaded [HERE](http://www.uniformserver.com/)
- Notedpad ++ can be downloaded [HERE](http://filehippo.com/download_notepad)
- Remere's Map Editor can be downloaded [HERE](http://remeresmapeditor.com/), to make it functional with Guilcera please follow the steps from [SETUP_GUIDE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/SETUP_GUIDE.md)
- otitemeditor-0.2.2 can be downloaded [HERE](http://www.4shared.com/zip/jFtWifSjce/otitemeditor-022.html), to make it functional with Guilcera please follow the steps from [SETUP_GUIDE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/SETUP_GUIDE.md)
- Tibia Client protocol 7.6 [HERE](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Tibia+Client+7.6), [HERE](http://tibiaclient.com/?windows) or [HERE](http://remeresmapeditor.com/marklar.php?clients)
- OtLand ip changer [HERE](http://otland.net/threads/otland-ip-changer.134369/), you can found it [HERE](http://static.otland.net/ipchanger.exe)
- Old guilcera (3.2.3) XML [HERE](http://www.4shared.com/rar/emtMmLPkba/guilcera_323.html)

Structure
---------
- main folder contains current version of guilcera map
- docs contains important documentation about the server, as: manual, bug list, changelog, server setup guide and such
- www contains current nicaw acc for guilcera

Credits
-------
- peonso is the main developer
- avesta rev94 is the server distro used, courtesy of Ferrus and [OpenTibia crew](https://github.com/opentibia/server/blob/master/AUTHORS)
- HoTS distro used in old XML version (3.2.3), courtesy of ReX
- In-depth credit list [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/AUTHORS.md)

Commit message:

guilcera 4.03
version 4.03
transition to 7.72
using Gesior2012 as AAC
using OTX 2.10 as server

README.md, after:

Guilcera otserv for Tibia client version 7.72
=============================================
https://github.com/peonso/guilcera

Information
-----------
- 4.03 is the current version
- In-depth credit list [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/AUTHORS.md)
- A guide on how to setup the server [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/SETUP_GUIDE.md)
- Updated changelog [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/CHANGELOG.md)
- Lastest minimap [HERE](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/peonso/guilcera/master/docs/images/guilcera_401.png)

Downloads
---------
- XAMMP can be downloaded [HERE](https://www.apachefriends.org/index.html)
- Uniform Server can be downloaded [HERE](http://www.uniformserver.com/)
- Notedpad ++ can be downloaded [HERE](http://filehippo.com/download_notepad)
- Remere's Map Editor can be downloaded [HERE](http://remeresmapeditor.com/), to make it functional with Guilcera please follow the steps from [SETUP_GUIDE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/SETUP_GUIDE.md)
- otitemeditor-0.2.2 can be downloaded [HERE](http://www.4shared.com/zip/jFtWifSjce/otitemeditor-022.html), to make it functional with Guilcera please follow the steps from [SETUP_GUIDE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/SETUP_GUIDE.md)
- OtLand ip changer [HERE](http://otland.net/threads/otland-ip-changer.134369/), you can found it [HERE](http://static.otland.net/ipchanger.exe)
- Old guilcera Avesta (4.02) [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/tree/master/guilcera) or [HERE](http://www.4shared.com/rar/AYX0zk9Dba/guilcera_402.html)
- Old guilcera (3.2.3) XML [HERE](http://www.4shared.com/rar/emtMmLPkba/guilcera_323.html)

Structure
---------
- main folder contains current version of guilcera map + OTX 2.10 server
- docs contains important documentation about the server, as: mysql_schema.sql, manual, bug list, changelog, server setup guide and such
- www contains current AAC, Gesior2012
- sources contains sourcers for OTX 2.10 7.4/7.6/7.72

Credits
-------
- peonso is the main developer
- Distro is OTX 2.10, by Mattyx14/Kaiser @blacktibia.org. [Original GitHub](https://github.com/mattyx14/otxserver)
- AAC is Gesior2012, by Gesior.pl @otland.net. [Original GitHub](https://github.com/gesior/Gesior2012)
- In-depth credit list [HERE](https://github.com/peonso/guilcera/blob/master/docs/AUTHORS.md)
