docs/AUTHORS.md, before:

Guilcera is an OpenTibia map made by *Peonso*.

guilcera.otbm has some locations ripped off from *Cipsoft* map, also there is a dungeon made by *Melara* @forums.otserv.com.br

It's actually working with OTX 2.10, a work of *Mattyx14/Kaiser* @blacktibia.org, based on 0.3.7 TFS by *Talaturen/Mark and team*. [Original GitHub](https://github.com/mattyx14/otxserver)

Actual AAC is Gesior2012, a work of Gesior.pl @otland.net. [Original GitHub](https://github.com/gesior/Gesior2012)

Old versions with Avesta, a work of *Ferrus* @otland.net, based on OpenTibia by *OpenTibia team*.

Old versions with HoTServ, a work of *Rex* @forums.otserv.com.br, based on OpenTibia by *OpenTibia team*.

During long time of OpenTibia development process many people worked
on it and cooperated with us. Note that OpenTibia is not only Open
Tibia Server, but also all related projects. Thanks to everyone who
helped those projects to grow. Here is a list, far from being
complete, of people that is contributing or contributed in the past to
OpenTibia.

Currently active:

	iryont			OpenTibia
	marksamman		OpenTibia
	assassina		OpenTibia
	hackerpotato		OpenTibia

Inactive developers:

	Tliff - Developer, OpenTibia leader, Forum administrator
	SimOne - Developer
	Spin - Developer
	Primer - Developer
	Remere - Developer
	Pedro B. - Developer
	Wrzasq - Developer
	GriZzm0 - Scripting
	Heliton - Scripting
	Winghawk - Item list, Scripts
	Nostradamus - Scripting
	Arkold Thos - Linux porter
	Yorick - Fansite , Forum administrator
	Pekay - README Documentation, Forum administrator
	Nuker - Forum administrator
	verkon - Forum administrator
	Shi'Voc - Initial project developer
	Acrimon - Initial project developer
	Reebow - Developer, special protocol support
	Aire - Developer
	Haktivex - Developer
	Fandoras - Developer
	TiMMit - Developer
	Decar - Fansite
	Matkus - Developer
	Privateer - Documentation on the protocol
	Torvik - Item list
	Snack - Developer
	j4K3xBl4sT3r - Developer
	Smygflik - Developer
	Anstice - Developer
	Jiddo - Scripting
	the fike - Developer (advisory/optimization)
	Vitor - Developer (advisory/optimization)
	bruno - ODBC driver

And special thanks to all otfans.net moderators.

Commit message:

going with OTHire
now with OTHire and Znote 1.5

docs/AUTHORS.md, after:

Guilcera is an OpenTibia map made by *Peonso*.

guilcera.otbm has some locations ripped off from *Cipsoft* map, also there is a dungeon made by *Melara* @forums.otserv.com.br

It's actually working with OTHire 0.0.2, a work of *TwistedScorpio/Ezzz* @otland.net, based on lastest otserv by *opentibia team*. [Original GitHub](https://github.com/TwistedScorpio/OTHire)

Actual AAC is ZnoteAAC 1.5, a work of Znote @otland.net. [Original GitHub](https://github.com/Znote/ZnoteAAC)

Old versions files by Rex, Ferrus, Kaiser/mattyx14, Gesior, Nicaw and others.

During long time of OpenTibia development process many people worked
on it and cooperated with us. Note that OpenTibia is not only Open
Tibia Server, but also all related projects. Thanks to everyone who
helped those projects to grow. Here is a list, far from being
complete, of people that is contributing or contributed in the past to
OpenTibia.

Currently active:

	iryont			OpenTibia
	marksamman		OpenTibia
	assassina		OpenTibia
	hackerpotato		OpenTibia

Inactive developers:

	Tliff - Developer, OpenTibia leader, Forum administrator
	SimOne - Developer
	Spin - Developer
	Primer - Developer
	Remere - Developer
	Pedro B. - Developer
	Wrzasq - Developer
	GriZzm0 - Scripting
	Heliton - Scripting
	Winghawk - Item list, Scripts
	Nostradamus - Scripting
	Arkold Thos - Linux porter
	Yorick - Fansite , Forum administrator
	Pekay - README Documentation, Forum administrator
	Nuker - Forum administrator
	verkon - Forum administrator
	Shi'Voc - Initial project developer
	Acrimon - Initial project developer
	Reebow - Developer, special protocol support
	Aire - Developer
	Haktivex - Developer
	Fandoras - Developer
	TiMMit - Developer
	Decar - Fansite
	Matkus - Developer
	Privateer - Documentation on the protocol
	Torvik - Item list
	Snack - Developer
	j4K3xBl4sT3r - Developer
	Smygflik - Developer
	Anstice - Developer
	Jiddo - Scripting
	the fike - Developer (advisory/optimization)
	Vitor - Developer (advisory/optimization)
	bruno - ODBC driver

And special thanks to all otfans.net moderators.
